.TH marlowesyncd 1 "18 July, 2022" "version 0.0.0.0"

.SH NAME
.BR marlowesyncd " - Cardano Node chain sync client for Marlowe Runtime"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B marlowesyncd
[
.I --testnet-magic magic
]
.I --socket-path path
.PP
.BI marlowesyncd " --version"
.PP
.BI marlowesyncd " --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
This program provides a chain sync client for the Marlowe Runtime. It connects
to and synchronizes blocks from a local node, saving them locally. Downstream
components can connect to a running instance and request information from the
chain using the Chain Seek Protocol.

.PP
If the connection to the local node is lost, or cannot be established, this
program will terminate with an exception. The same applies if database
connection is lost. It will not terminate if any downstream clients disconnect.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP --testnet-magic
The testnet magic number to use when connecting to the Node. If omitted, Mainnet
will be used. Alternatively, the
.B CARDANO_TESTNET_MAGIC
environment variable can be used to specify this value. The command line option
will override the environment variable.

.IP --socket-path
Filepath location of the
.B cardano-node(1)
socket file. Must be specified. Alternatively, the
.B CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH
environment variable can be used to specify this value. The command line option
will override the environment variable.

.IP --database-uri
URI location of the database instance to save chain data to. The choice of
storage engine is determined by the URI scheme. Currently supported backends
include
.B postgres(1).
The URI for PostgreSQL must conform to the format described in
.I https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#id-1.7.3.8.3.6.
Alternatively, the
.B CHAIN_SYNC_DB_URI
environment variable can be used to specify this value. The command line option
will override the environment variable.

.IP --genesis-config-file
Filepath location of the Byron Genesis JSON config file for the local node.

.IP --genesis-config-file-hash
Hash of the file specified by
.B --genesis-config-file.

.IP --version
Show the version number.

.IP "--help, -h"
Show help message.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Jamie Bertram <jamie.bertram@iohk.io>

.SH SEE ALSO
.B marlowed(1)
.B marlowe(1)
